"The body achieves what the mind believes.",
"Your health is your investment.",
"Sweat is just fat crying.",
"Don't stop when you're tired. Stop when you're done.",
"Discipline is doing what needs to be done, even if you don't want to.",
"The only bad workout is the one that didn't happen."
"Sometimes, carrying on, just carrying on, is the superhuman achievement."
"Overpower. Overtake. Overcome."
"Success isn't always about 'greatness', it's about consistency. Consistent, hard work gains success. Greatness will come."
"It isn't the mountains ahead to climb that wears you out; it's the pebble in your shoe."
"You just can't beat the person who never gives up."
"Don't quit. Suffer now and live the rest of your life as a champion."
"Do or do not. There is no try."
"Always work hard and have fun in what you do, because I think thats when you are more successful. You have to choose to do it."
“Champions keep playing until they get it right.” —Billie Jean King
“Sometimes, carrying on, just carrying on, is the superhuman achievement.” —Albert Camus
“The last three or four reps is what makes the muscle grow. This area of pain divides a champion from someone who is not a champion.” — Arnold Schwarzenegger
“Most people fail, not because of lack of desire, but because of lack of commitment.” — Vince Lombardi
“Enduring means accepting. Accepting things as they are and not as you would wish them to be, and then looking ahead, not behind.” —Rafael Nadal
“Acknowledge the fear and do it anyway.” —Emma Lovewell
"It's going to be a journey. It's not a sprint to get in shape."– Kerri Walsh Jennings
"When I feel tired, I just think about how great I will feel once I finally reach my goal." – Michael Phelps
“The secret of getting ahead is getting started." —Mark Twain
“Do or do not. There is no try.”  —Yoda
“I’d rather regret the risks that didn’t work out than the chances I didn’t take at all.” —Simone Biles
“We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence then is not an act but a habit.” — Aristotle
“The hard days are the best because that’s when champions are made, so if you push through, you can push through anything.” — Dana Vollmer
“Strength does not come from physical capacity. It comes from an indomitable will” — Mahatma Gandhi
“Everybody wants to be a bodybuilder, but don’t nobody want to lift no heavy-ass weights.” — Ronnie Coleman
“I’ve missed more than 9,000 shots in my career. I’ve lost almost 300 games. Twenty-six times, I’ve been trusted to take the game-winning shot and missed. I’ve failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed.” — Michael Jordan
“Maybe, just maybe, you can open your mind to the possibility that paradise is found in how you choose to look and act in this world. Paradise, like our goals, may not really be a destination but an endless horizon we secretly don’t want to reach, a never-ending reason to keep working and growing with the intention not to accomplish goals but to become someone who can accomplish any goal.” — Chris Bumstead
“Discipline is doing what you hate to do, but nonetheless doing it like you love it.” — Mike Tyson
